Add a documentation for CombInit (#228)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Semantic/assignments.rst

SpinalHDL checks that there are no combinatorial loops (latches) in your design.
If one is detected, it raises an error and SpinalHDL will print the path of the loop.

CombInit
--------

> The special ``CombInit`` method can be used to "clone" a combinatorial value for latter modification.

Reviewer: I'd try to distinguish this from `cloneOf` (and a small technical change since CombInit is not really a method) - a wording could be:
```suggestion
``CombInit`` can be used to copy a signal and its current combinatorial assignments. The main use-case is to be able to overwrite the copied later, without impacting the original signal.
```

.. code-block:: scala

    val a = UInt(8 bits)
    a := 1

    val b = a
    when(sel) {
        b := 2

>         //At this point, a and b are evaluated to 2 : they represent the same set of wire

Reviewer: just to align this a bit more with the usual Scala wording (a & b are references to the same object)
```suggestion
        // At this point, a and b are evaluated to 2: they reference the same signal
```

    }

    val c = UInt(8 bits)
    c := 1

    val d = CombInit(c)
    // Here c and d are evaluated to 1
    when(sel) {
        d := 2
        // At this point c === 1 and d === 2.
    }

> ``CombInit`` clones a circuit, and initially drive it with the same input at the cloned value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``CombInit`` clones a circuit, and initially drive it with the same input as the cloned value.
```

But you can now update the circuit without impacting the initial value.

> 

Reviewer: We could add an example here for one of the major use-cases which is to make helper functions that break the reference to the original signal. That would explain what to use it for, I found it's pretty rare in "normal" HDL code. A dumb example would be:
```
// note that condition is an elaboration time constant
def invertedIf(b: Bits, condition: Boolean): Bits = if(condition) { ~b } else { CombInit(b) }
```
where we shouldn't return just `b` in the `false` case as that would create weird behavior (if true the return value can't influence the original b, if false it can)
Do you think that makes sense?

Author: Thanks for your suggestions.
I like your invertedIf example, I was looking for a simple realistic use case : this is it.

Author: See 6222df6 for a first try.

> If we look at the resulting Verilog, ``b`` is not present :

Reviewer: I think this is more a statement about references than `CombInit` - but I have no big issue keeping it if you think it helps a bunch.

Author: Yeah, 148 and 149 are a bit redundant with the earlier CombInit description.
151 was there to insist on the differences in the synthesis results, I would like to keep it but add a bit more contextual description.

Author: Cf 6222df6.
